>> Laura: WELCOME BACK TO
"THE INGRAHAM ANGLE" TONIGHT.
THE EFFORT TO SUPPRESS FREE
SPEECH ACROSS THE COUNTRY, NOT
JUST HAPPENING ON COLLEGE
CAMPUSES.
THE DEMOCRATIC NATIONAL
COMMITTEE NOW BLOCKING FOX NEWS
FROM POSTING ANY 2020 DEMOCRATIC
DEBATES.
T WILL MAKE DNC CHAIR SAYING,
"THE NETWORK IS NOT IN A POSITIN
"THE NETWORK IS NOT IN A POSITIT
"THE NETWORK IS NOT IN A POSITIO
HOST A FAIR AND NEUTRAL DEBATE."
HOST A FAIR AND NEUTRAL DEBATE."BECAUSE THERE ARE NO BIAS AT THE
BECAUSE THERE ARE NO BIAS AT THE
OTHER NETWORKS?
>> EVERY TIME AT PRIME TIME,
DEMOCRATS ARE DEHUMANIZED,
ATTACKED RELENTLESSLY BY
FOX NEWS PRIME TIME HOSTS.
ALMOST HARD FOR ME TO IMAGINE
THE DEMOCRATIC PRIMARY DEBATE
TAKING PLACE IN THOSE HOURS WHEN
FIGURES LIKE NANCY PELOSI AND
ALEXANDRIA OCASIO-CORTEZ ARE
CONSTANT WE DEMONIZED AND
ATTACKED.
>> Laura: OKAY PURE LET ME GET
THIS STRAIGHT FOR A MOMENT.
THE LIBERAL MEDIA AND ALL THE
OTHER CABLES, THE PRIME TIME
POSTS, THEY GET A FREE PASS TO
THE VISCERA PRESIDENT TRUMP
SINGLE NIGHT?
>> WHICH BRINGS US TO THE BIG
MAN HIMSELF, THE BIGGEST LIAR OF
ALL, >> DONALD TRUMP IS A LIAR.
WE SEE AN LIE AND LIE AND LIE
AGAIN.
>> RACISM AND SEXISM DRIVING
THIS PRESIDENT THE POSITIVES
BASE.
>> Laura: JOINING ME NOW HIS
FORMER DNC CHAIR AND FORMER
GOVERNOR OF THE GREAT STATE OF
PENNSYLVANIA ED RENDELL ALONG
WITH GOVERNOR MIKE HUCKABEE.
GOVERNOR RENDELL, LET’S START
WITH YOU.
WHAT THE HECK IS GOING ON WITH
YOUR PARTY?
OKAY?
GILLIBRAND, KLOBUCHAR,
JUAN WILLIAMS ALL SORTS OF
PEOPLE ON OUR NETWORK, THE LIKES
OF WHICH WOULD NOT BE
CONSERVATIVES ON PLACES LIKE CNN
ANYMORE.
THEY BASICALLY GOT RID OF THEIR
PRO TRUMP, TRUMP FROM THE
CONTRIBUTORS.
WHAT’S GOING ON?
WHY ARE DEMOCRATS AFRAID OF
FOX NEWS, AFRAID OF
MARTHA MacCALLUM AND
BRET BAIER, CHRIS WALLACE,
REALLY?
>> BEFORE I ANSWER YOUR
QUESTION, I WANT TO SAY HELLO TO
MIKE HUCKABEE.
MIKE AND I SERVED AS GOVERNORS
TOGETHER AND COLLABORATED ON
MANY INITIATIVES WHEN WE SERVED
IN THE NATIONAL GOVERNORS
ASSOCIATION.
TO ANSWER YOUR QUESTION, I DON’T
KNOW.
I THINK IT’S A MISTAKE FOR THE
DNC TO DO WHAT IT DID.
BUT AS YOU SAID, IF I WAS DNC
CHAIR, I THINK TOM PEREZ IS
DOING A GOOD JOB.
IF I WAS DNC CHAIR, LARA, I SAY
GIVE ME BRET BAIER,
CHRIS WALLACE, ROD WILLIAMS,
ANY WAY, ANY TIME ANY NUMBERS OF
AND YOU CAN HAVE THAT FOX DEBATE
ANY WAY, ANY TIME ANY NUMBERS OFTIMES.
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTI
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENT
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTO
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTL
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENT
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTE
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTF
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENTI
>> Laura: I’M CONFIDENT.
YOU CAN PICK THE COMMENTATORS
AND MODERATORS, I THINK WE
SHOULD HAVE THE DEBATE ON FOX.
LET ME TELL YOU.
EVEN IF YOU PERSUADE 3% OF FOX
VIEWERS, 3% LAST TIME OUT
CARRIES MICHIGAN.
>> Laura: FAT CHANCE -- I’M
JUST KIDDING.
YOU ARE MAKING A VERY VALID
POINT.
GOVERNOR HUCKABEE, I WANT TO
PLAY SOMETHING ELSE FROM PEREZ,
BECAUSE HE DOUBLED DOWN ON THIS.
THE BARRING OF ANY FOX NEWS
HOSTING OF A DEMOCRATIC DEBATE.
LET’S WATCH.
>> THIS IS ABOUT -- IN THIS
NEW YORKER REPORT, IT’S ABOUT
INTERFERENCE AT THE HIGHEST
LEVEL OF FOX NEWS.
>> WE READ IT.
WE WANT TO HAVE 100%
CONFIDENCE -- THE DEBATES ARE
THE MOST IMPORTANT THING,
ONE OF THE MOST IMPORTANT THINGS
WE CAN DO.
>> I GET IT.
I GET YOU WHAT INSURANCE.
>> Laura: SO NO ISSUES -- I
WANT TO PLAY ONE MORE THING FOR
YOU.
WILLING TO BELIEVE THAT FOX
DOESN’T CARE ABOUT ISSUES, THE
ANCHORS ARE NOT GOING TO CARE
ABOUT ISSUES.
>> WILL YOU PROMISE -- AND HOW
SOON WILL YOU MOVE YOUR CLOTHING
COLLECTION, THE CLOTHES THAT ARE
MADE IN CHINA AND MEXICO?
YOU SAID SEVERAL THINGS IN THAT
DEBATE THAT WERE NOT TRUE, SIR.
>> DO YOU THINK THERE SHOULD BE
ANY RESTRICTIONS?
>> CAN YOU DEFINITIVELY SAY
TONIGHT THAT YOU WILL DEFINITELY
SUPPORT THE REPUBLICAN NOMINEE
FOR PRESIDENT, EVEN IF IT’S NOT
YOU?
>> Laura: THOSE ARE ALL
EXAMPLES OF FOX NEWS ANCHORS
BEING MORE THAN TOUGH, PROBABLY
FAIR, WITH PRESIDENT TRUMP.
CANDIDATE TRUMP.
>> LAURA, FIRST OF ALL LET ME
SAY HELLO TO ED RENDELL.
I WISH HE AND I WERE RUNNING
THINGS BECAUSE HE AND I GOT
ALONG GREAT AND GOT A LOT OF
THINGS DONE.
BY GOLLY, WE SHOULD BE IN
CHARGE.
ED, GREAT TO BE WITH YOU.
I’VE BEEN IN THE PRESIDENT OF
THE BAIT STAGE TO GO DIFFERENT
TIMES -- ACTUALLY, MANY
DIFFERENT TIMES.
BUT ONE THING PEOPLE FORGET,
IT’S NOT THE VENUE FOR THE
NETWORKS, IT’S THE VENUE FOR THE
TWO PARTIES.
I’M GOING TO BE LIKE THE
CONTRARY IN HERE AND I THINK TOM
PEREZ IS MAKING A MISTAKE.
I DO AGREE WITH ED RENDELL,
THERE OUGHT TO BE FOX ACCESS TO
DEMOCRATIC CANDIDATES, BUT
HERE’S WHAT I WOULD SAY TO BOTH
THE CHAIRMAN OF THE DEMOCRAT AND
REPUBLICAN COMMITTEES, RONNA
McDANIEL AND TOM PEREZ, TAKE
CHARGE OF DEBATES.
THESE ARE FOR YOUR CANDIDATES.
I THINK THE WHOLE PROCESS IS
RIDICULOUS AND OUT-OF-CONTROL
AND IT IS IN NEED OF A GREAT
BLOW UP.
THERE SHOULD BE A COMPLETE
RESTRUCTURING OF HOW THEY ARE
DONE.
THE PARTIES NEED TO CONTROL THE
DEBATES IN TERMS OF TIME, THE
PLACE.
THEY OUGHT TO PICK THE PEOPLE
WHO ASK THE QUESTIONS BECAUSE IT
HAS TURNED INTO A TV SHOW, NOT
AN HONEST FORUM.
THE QUESTIONS ARE RIDICULOUS AND
INSULTING.
I WOULD LOVE TO BE ABLE TO GIVE
THE POLITICAL CHAIRMAN AND
EARFUL OF WHAT THEY CAN DO
OF WHAT THEY CAN DO TO GIVE THE
MESSAGE TO THEIR VOTERS.
WE WENT I THINK THAT’S A
BRILLIANT POINT.
LOCAL REPORTERS ARE OFTEN BETTER
AT DOING SOME OF THESE
INTERVIEWS ON SOME OF THE BIG
ISSUES, NOT TO TAKE ANYTHING
AWAY FROM THE BIG NAMES, BUT I
LIKE SOME OF THE LOCAL
REPORTERS’ INPUT.
GOVERNORS, I WANT TO GET YOUR
REACTION, THE HOUSE VOTED
OVERWHELMINGLY TO APPROVE A
BROAD RESOLUTION CALLING UP
RACISM, ANTI-SEMITIC COMMENTS
WITHOUT NAMING CONGRESSWOMAN
ILHAN OMAR.
THE DEMOCRATS SEEM TO BE, I
DON’T KNOW, THEY DON’T WANT TO
NAME HER DESPITE THE FACT THAT
THAT’S WHAT BROUGHT THIS WHOLE
THING UP, OBVIOUSLY, INITIALLY
LINKING JEWS TO MONEY, THEN
TALKING ABOUT CERTAIN PEOPLE
HAVING A DIVIDED ALLEGIANCE TO
OTHER COUNTRIES.
SHOULD HAVE IT BEEN RESTRICTED
TO THE ANTI-SEMITISM?
A LOT OF JEWISH AMERICANS, AT
LEAST ON SOCIAL I’M READING
TONIGHT, ARE PRETTY OUTRAGED.
>> I’M THINKING IT SHOULD HAVE
FOCUSED ON THE ANTI-SEMITISM.
IT SHOULD HAVE SAID THAT
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR MADE A
MISTAKE.
BECAUSE SHE DID MAKE A MISTAKE.
AS AN AMERICAN, I CAN TELL YOU
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TO
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TM
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TE
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TI
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TS
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TT
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TA
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TW
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TE
THE THING THAT’S MOST CUTTING TN
PEOPLE TALK ABOUT JEWS, THE
MONEY, THE BENJAMIN’S, US BEING
SNEAKY PEOPLE WHO CONTROL THINGS
BY OUR MONEY.
THAT’S TO ME THAT WERE SLOW YOU
CAN MAKE TO A JEWISH PERSON.
VERY
CONGRESSWOMAN OMAR MADE GOOD
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOO
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOD
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOP
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOI
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOT
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOS
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOB
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOT
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOS
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOE
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOO
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOL
POINTS WHEN SHE TALKED ABOUT GOD
MAKE IT SUBSTANTIVELY.
THERE IS NO PLACE FOR
NAME-CALLING FOR ANY OF OUR
AFFAIRS BUT WE SHOULD MAKE OUR
POINTS AND REST ON THE STRENGTH
OF OUR ARGUMENTS.
I WOULD’VE LIKED FOR HER TO BE
NAMED AS HAVING MADE A MISTAKE
THAT TRIGGERED THESE OF
ANTI-SEMITISM, CONDEMNED
ANTI-SEMITISM AND LATER ON, WE
CAN CONDEMN ALL SORTS OF HATE
SPEECH.
SPIEL AND WATCHED THE C-SPAN
DEBATE >> Laura: I WATCH THE
C-SPAN DEBATE AMONG GOVERNOR HUK
C-SPAN DEBATE AMONG GOVERNOR HUB
C-SPAN DEBATE AMONG GOVERNOR HUE
TODAY, IT TURNED BASICALLY ON
THE DEMOCRATS SIDE A TRUMP
BASHING FEST.
IT WAS ABOUT THE MIGRANTS, GOT
EXPENDED IN ALL THESE OTHER
TOPICS.
STEVE KING LOST THE COMMITTEE
CHAIR SHIP IN THE WAKE OF MAKING
HIS RACIALLY CHARGED STATEMENTS.
WHY AREN’T THEY DOING THE SAME
THING FOR CONGRESS FROM AN OMAR
ESPECIALLY WHAT WE ARE SEEING
OVER WITH THE LEGAL PARTY
GETTING HIM ELATED DUE TO
ANTI-SEMITISM, WE HAVE
ANTI-SEMITIC FLOATS AND CARNIVAL
PARADES IN BELGIUM I SAW TODAY
ALSO ONLINE FOR DISTURBING
IMAGES OF JEWISH AMERICANS IN
EUROPE.
>> I JUST GOT BACK FROM POLAND
THIS MORNING AND ONE OF THE
THINGS I WAS DOING THERE WAS TO
PARTICIPATE IN A CEREMONY FOR
THE POLISH CHRISTIANS WHO HELPED
SAVED JEWS DURING THE HOLOCAUST.
I THINK PEOPLE NEED TO
UNDERSTAND THE ANTI-SEMITISM IS
NOT JUST ABOUT RHETORIC.
THERE WAS A LONG HISTORY OF
PEOPLE BEING BRUTALLY AND
SAVAGELY MURDERED IN COLD BLOOD.
WE ARE NOT JUST TALKING ABOUT
MILITARY COMBATANTS, WE ARE
TALKING ABOUT INNOCENT MEN,
WOMEN, CHILDREN, OLDER PEOPLE.
IT’S A HORRIBLE THING.
IT NEEDS TO BE ADDRESSED.
I THINK NANCY PELOSI -- AND I
HAVE TO GIVE HER SOME CREDIT.
SHE’S TRYING, BUT SHE’S GOT HER
HANDS FULL WITH SOME OF THESE
YOUNG DEMOCRATS WHO REALLY DON’T
UNDERSTAND WHAT I CALL "BASIC
PLAYGROUND MANNERS" WHEN IT
COMES TO GETTING IN A PUBLIC
OFFICE AND IT’S CREATING SOME
REAL PROBLEMS FOR THE DEMOCRATS.
AS A REPUBLICAN, I COULD TAKE
SOME GLORY IN IT AND SOME JOY IN
THAT, BUT I DON’T BECAUSE IT’S
BAD FOR THE COUNTRY.
THAT’S NOT GOOD FOR ANYBODY.
>> Laura: GOVERNOR,
THANK YOU --
>> IN ALL DIFFERENCE, I JUST